docs/usage/transactions.md, before:

# Generating and Signing Transactions

As described in the [Use Your Tokens' Setup] document of the general
[Oasis Docs], you need to set the appropriate [Base and Signer CLI flags] for
each transaction you want to generate.

Make sure you set the following environment variables:

- `GENESIS_FILE`: Location of the genesis file.
- `LEDGER_SIGNER_PATH`: Location of the `ledger-signer` binary.
  See [Setup] for more details.
- `LEDGER_WALLET_ID`: ID of the Ledger wallet to use.
  See [Identifying Ledger Devices] for more details.
- `LEDGER_INDEX`: Index (0-based) of the account on the Ledger device to use.

For convenience, you can set the `TX_FLAGS` environment variable like below:

```bash
TX_FLAGS=(--genesis.file "$GENESIS_FILE"
  --signer.dir entity-$LEDGER_INDEX
  --signer.backend plugin
  --signer.plugin.name ledger
  --signer.plugin.path "$LEDGER_SIGNER_PATH"
  --signer.plugin.config "wallet_id:$LEDGER_WALLET_ID,index:$LEDGER_INDEX"
)
```

Then, you can generate and sign a transaction, e.g. a transfer transaction, by
running:

```bash
oasis-node stake account gen_transfer \
  "${TX_FLAGS[@]}" \
  --stake.amount <AMOUNT-TO-TRANSFER> \
  --stake.transfer.destination <DESTINATION-ACCOUNT-ADDRESS> \
  --transaction.file tx_transfer.json \
  --transaction.nonce 1 \
  --transaction.fee.gas 1000 \
  --transaction.fee.amount 2000
```

where `<AMOUNT-TO-TRANSFER>` and `<DESTINATION-ACCOUNT-ADDRESS>` are replaced
with the amount of tokens to transfer and the address of the transfer's
destination account, respectively.

{% hint style="info" %}
For a more detailed explanation of the transaction flags that were set, see
[Common Transaction Flags] section of the [Use Your Tokens' Setup] doc.
{% endhint %}

Next, verify the transaction's fields on your Ledger device's screen.

After you've confirmed the transaction's fields are correct, sign the
transaction on your Ledger device by double-pressing the _Sign transaction_
screen.

<!-- markdownlint-disable line-length -->
[Use Your Tokens' Setup]: https://docs.oasis.dev/general/use-your-tokens/setup
[Oasis Docs]: https://docs.oasis.dev/
[Base and Signer CLI flags]:
  https://docs.oasis.dev/general/use-your-tokens/setup#common-cli-flags
[Common Transaction Flags]:
  https://docs.oasis.dev/general/use-your-tokens/setup#common-transaction-flags
[Setup]: setup.md#remembering-path-to-ledger-signer-plugin
[Identifying Ledger Devices]: devices.md
<!-- markdownlint-enable line-length -->

Commit message:

internal: Change ConnectApp() to not always require wallet ID
In case there is only a single device connected to the system, don't
require passing the wallet ID.

cmd: Make show_address' --wallet_id flag optional.

ledger-signer: Make wallet_id configuration optional.

docs/usage/transactions.md, after:

# Generating and Signing Transactions

As described in the [Use Your Tokens' Setup] document of the general
[Oasis Docs], you need to set the appropriate [Base and Signer CLI flags] for
each transaction you want to generate.

Make sure you set the following environment variables:

- `GENESIS_FILE`: Location of the genesis file.
- `LEDGER_SIGNER_PATH`: Location of the `ledger-signer` binary.
  See [Setup] for more details.
- `LEDGER_INDEX`: Index (0-based) of the account on the Ledger device to use.

For convenience, you can set the `TX_FLAGS` environment variable like below:

```bash
TX_FLAGS=(--genesis.file "$GENESIS_FILE"
  --signer.dir entity-$LEDGER_INDEX
  --signer.backend plugin
  --signer.plugin.name ledger
  --signer.plugin.path "$LEDGER_SIGNER_PATH"
  --signer.plugin.config "index:$LEDGER_INDEX"
)
```

{% hint style="info" %}
In case you will have more than one Ledger device connected, you will need to
specify which device to use by setting the `wallet_id` configuration key in
the `--signer.plugin.config` flag above, separating multiple configurations with
a comma (`,`), i.e.

```
--signer.plugin.config "index:$LEDGER_INDEX,wallet_id:<LEDGER-WALLET-ID>"
```

where `<LEDGER-WALLET-ID>` is replaced with the ID of your Ledger wallet.
See [Identifying Ledger Devices] for more details.
{% endhint %}

Then, you can generate and sign a transaction, e.g. a transfer transaction, by
running:

```bash
oasis-node stake account gen_transfer \
  "${TX_FLAGS[@]}" \
  --stake.amount <AMOUNT-TO-TRANSFER> \
  --stake.transfer.destination <DESTINATION-ACCOUNT-ADDRESS> \
  --transaction.file tx_transfer.json \
  --transaction.nonce 1 \
  --transaction.fee.gas 1000 \
  --transaction.fee.amount 2000
```

where `<AMOUNT-TO-TRANSFER>` and `<DESTINATION-ACCOUNT-ADDRESS>` are replaced
with the amount of tokens to transfer and the address of the transfer's
destination account, respectively.

{% hint style="info" %}
For a more detailed explanation of the transaction flags that were set, see
[Common Transaction Flags] section of the [Use Your Tokens' Setup] doc.
{% endhint %}

Next, verify the transaction's fields on your Ledger device's screen.

After you've confirmed the transaction's fields are correct, sign the
transaction on your Ledger device by double-pressing the _Sign transaction_
screen.

<!-- markdownlint-disable line-length -->
[Use Your Tokens' Setup]: https://docs.oasis.dev/general/use-your-tokens/setup
[Oasis Docs]: https://docs.oasis.dev/
[Base and Signer CLI flags]:
  https://docs.oasis.dev/general/use-your-tokens/setup#common-cli-flags
[Common Transaction Flags]:
  https://docs.oasis.dev/general/use-your-tokens/setup#common-transaction-flags
[Setup]: setup.md#remembering-path-to-ledger-signer-plugin
[Identifying Ledger Devices]: devices.md
<!-- markdownlint-enable line-length -->
